com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/stetho/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/fresco/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$styleable
com/facebook/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.R
 com.facebook.flipper.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/network/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$styleable
com/test/ReactNativeFlipper.java
 com.test.ReactNativeFlipper
 com.test.ReactNativeFlipper$1
 com.test.ReactNativeFlipper$2
 com.test.ReactNativeFlipper$2$1
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
org/webkit/androidjsc/R.java
 org.webkit.androidjsc.R
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
com/test/MainActivity.java
 com.test.MainActivity
com/test/BuildConfig.java
 com.test.BuildConfig
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
com/test/R.java
 com.test.R
 com.test.R$anim
 com.test.R$attr
 com.test.R$bool
 com.test.R$color
 com.test.R$dimen
 com.test.R$drawable
 com.test.R$id
 com.test.R$integer
 com.test.R$interpolator
 com.test.R$layout
 com.test.R$mipmap
 com.test.R$string
 com.test.R$style
 com.test.R$styleable
 com.test.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/test/MainApplication.java
 com.test.MainApplication
 com.test.MainApplication$1
com/oblador/vectoricons/R.java
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$anim
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$attr
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$bool
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$color
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$dimen
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$drawable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$id
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$integer
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$layout
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$string
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$style
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$styleable
 com.oblador.vectoricons.R$xml
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
